= Yesno

Yesno is a simple utility for boolean case.

"yesno" is a simple aid for the Boolean case. "yesno" transforms the answers to true / false in various interpretations possible (yes / no, male / female, active / inactive). To use I18n translations and is provided with translations in Italian, English and French.


== Install

  gem install yesno
  rails generate yesno:install

== standard implementation

=== Example:

if @article.active is false

# yesno(@article.active) -> "false"
# yesno(@article.active, :type => "atc") -> "inactive"

if @person.sex is true

# yesno(@person.sex, :type => "mf") -> "male"
# yesno(@person.sex, :type => "mf", :pluralize => true) -> "man"


the options are
  :type => "tipology"
  :female => true/false
  :pluralize => true/false

the types are
  "default" (true/false)
  "yn" (yes/no)
  "mf" (male/female)
  "act" (active/inactive)

== fast implementation
Fyesno is a more fast implementation of yesno. 
Fyesno" solves the conversion with a single "if" using the options to address directly the translation.

# fyesno(to_validate, type, option)

where default type is "default" and default option is "ms".
"option" is a string containing the two letters to this standard:
  "ms" masculine singular
  "mp" masculine plural
  "fs" feminine singular
  "fp" feminine plural

=== Example

if @var.test is true
# fyesno(@var.test) -> "true"
# fyesno(@var.test, "mf", "mp") -> "man"
# fyesno(@var.test, "act", "fp") -> "actives"

== extend the types

To add new features just edit the file yesno.#{lang}.yml and add new implementations:

  it:
    yesno:
      default:
        smt: "vero"
        smf: "falso"
        sft: "vera"
        sff: "falsa"
        pmt: "veri"
        pmf: "falsi"
        pft: "vere"
        pff: "false"
      yn:
        smt: "si"
        smf: "no"
      ecc.....

- the type of translation is the third indentation
- the translation is the fourth indentation
- the name of the traslation (smt, smf, ecc.) is the declination.

smt single male true
smf single male false
..
pff pural female false

With this simple rule is possible to implement new uses

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

email me if you have new implementations or translations
